Constructors - 
A constructor is a method in the class which is responsible for initializing the vairables of that class
Constructors may be implicit or expllicit. They may be defined by the compiler during runtime (implicit) or may be defined by the programmer(explicit)
Implicit construcotrs are parameterless . explicit constructors can be parameterless or with parameters


* When we create a new instance of class. It is the constructor method we call . refer to constructor files for more understanding.

Types Of Constructors

1.Default or Parameterless Constructors
2.Parameterized constructors
3.Copy constructors
4.Static constructors


1. If a constructor method doesnt take any parameters . Then it is called parameterless constructors. They can be explicit and implicit defined.
2. If a constructor method is defined with paramerters . Then it is called parameterized constructors.They can only be explicitly defined.
3. If we want to create multiple instances with the same values then we use the copy constructors.In a copy constructor the constructor takes the same class as a parameter to it.
4. If a constructor is defined using a static modifier it is called static constructors. All above constructors are non static or instance constructors. 
	static constructors can be implicitly defined if any static variables are used.
	These constructors are responsible for initializing static variables . They are never called explicitly. They are only called implicitly.They are first to execute under any class.
	They cannot be parameterized. Because they run first.

For all the cons 1,2,3 we called them by creating new instances of classes. but the 4 executes without it. refer the related cs file.

Q. Why constructors are needed in a class ?
A.	Even if constructors are not defined they are implicity defined by compilers
	Constructors are needed if we want to create the instances of the class

Q. What is the need of defining constructors explicitly again ?
A.	Implicit constructors will initialize the variables of the class with the same values even if we create multiples of the class.
	If we define it explcityl we can change the initial value of variables for each instance.by sending the value as a parameter.


Static vs Non Static Constructors

1.If a construcotr is explicitly declared by using static modifier then it is called static constructor. The rest of other constructors are
	non static constructors (instance constructors) 
2.Static fields are initialized by a static constructor while non-static fields are initialized by non-static constructors.
3.Static constructor executes immediately when the class execution starts. Its the first block of code to get executed. Non static constructor 
	only get executed only after creating the instances.
4.In lifecycle of a class a static class gets executed one times while non static class executed n times for n instances.
	Refer the related cs file
5.NS constructors can be parameterized. but Static constructors cannot be parameterized. becauese they are implicitly called. and it is the first
	block of code that runs under class. so we cant pass any values which come later.
6.NS constructors can be overloaded but Static cannot be.

** overloading a constructor occurs when multiple instance are created with different values of same variables 
	avaiblabe at the time of creation.


	
