Exceptions -	
	Errors

	Types - 
		1.Compile Time Errors -
			An error that occurs in your program due to syntactical mistakes. These are called Compile Time Errors
			Not dangerous
		2.Runtime Errors - 
			The errors that occur in picture while execution of program is going on.
			Generally caused by wrong implementation of logic, wrong inputs supplied, missing required resources

			ex. An array has 5 values and for loop is wrtten to execute 6 times. This will throw an exception


	Some Common Exceptions classes. Yes they are classes and there are many beyond these 4 - 

	1.Index out of Bounds - as the name suggests
	2.Divide by zero exveption - as the name suggests
	3.Overflow exception - -2^31 to 2^32 is int range. if the value of an int is beyond this then it will throw this error
	4.Format Exception -  Invalid type conversion ex string to float etc..


	
	Exception as class - 
		1.It has logic for abnormal termination
		2. It has property to display an error message which is declared as virtual. That means
			we can override it in child exception class.


	Type of exception classes or child classes of exception class

	1.Application Exception - Non fatal error - ex . 
	not a universal rules
	programmer errors -
	ex	
		 
	2.System Exception - 
	fatal errors - 
	universal rules
	clr errors
	system wont allow to perform some actions ex 1.dividing a num by zero
												2. Inde out of bounds etc
												3. Format exception etc



Exception Handling - A method wihch can stop abnormal termination of the program when any exception occurs

Advantages of Exception Handling - 
1. We can stop abrupt termination of program
2. We can display user friendly error messages 
3. We can perfomr corrective measures for failing actions.



Now what are application exceptions and more --

	If a developer wants to add his custom rules to this app. Like he doesnt want to allow division
	by a odd number he can do it via application exception class

	ApplicationException ex = new ApplicationException("<Error Msg>");
	throw ex. 
	or throw new ApplicationException("<Error Msg>")

	Refer CustomApplicationExceptionThrow.cs